Henry Lopez
	landing.html: landing page that will allow the user to search or connect to facebook so that he can get subreddit suggestions. Also, users are able to view summaries of popular subreddit sections. 	

Ashmita Kumar
	login.html: users can log in and sign up on the same page. Clicking on the Sign Up button opens a modal where users enter their information and then can sign in immediately. Clicking the Forgot Password button opens modal for users to enter their email address and click submit. 
	

RedStarter - HW3 
Four Scenarios: 
1.	On the login page (which is now our home page), user can sign up and their data is saved on Firebase. User can also log in on the same page and be taken to the landing page. 
2.	The user will be able to search subreddits by entering key terms into the search box
3.	The user will be able to connect their account to Facebook to get suggestions based on their Facebook likes
4.	The user will be able to search specific Reddit categories (top, trending, hot, new etc.) and be presented with data on specific subreddits that are trending within that category (D3 Visualization)
5.	The user will be able to click on any subreddit and follow them
6.	The user will be able to see information about a subreddit by clicking on it, such as number of followers
7.	The user will be able to navigate to a subreddit on a new tab by clicking on a button next to the title.
8.	User is able to view summaries of popular subreddit sections.

Two scenarios we implemented:
1.	When user signs up for a new account their log in info (name, email, username and passwords) are stored in the Firebase database. 
2.	User is able to view summaries of popular subreddit sections.






HW4:

Features

1.	When user signs up for a new account their log in info (name, email, username and passwords) are stored in the Firebase database.
2.	User is able to view summaries of popular subreddit sections.
NEW FEATURE: Feature #4 	The user will be able to search specific Reddit categories (top, trending, hot, new etc.) and be presented with data on specific subreddits that are trending within that category (D3 Visualization)

React code on:
Login/signup and Landing view sections
1.	When user signs up for a new account their log in info (name, email, username and passwords) are stored in the Firebase database.
2.	User is able to view summaries of popular subreddit sections.





HW5:

Step 1: Visualization
Landing.html contains two d3 visuals. One is a visual of subreddit posts that dynamically changes based on size and count so that the user can see which posts are more popular. -Henry

The second visual is the results of the search function. When the user enters a series of terms, the subreddits results are
presented in a circle graph where the biggest circles are the most popualr subreddits by subscribers -Henry

Step 2: Move third scenario into React
Third scenario that was implmeneted with react was the search feature. It has three components where two of the components are children.-Henry
Login menu was converted to React - Asmita



HW6 -

Ashmita - Write tests for landing.html which contains all the content the user can interact with
Henry - Get login and signup to check that existing users cant sign up again and new users dont get usernames that already exist. Go to landing if successful login or signup
        - Test Login and signup with jasmine

        Jasmine tests are located in login.html and landing.html
	
	
	
	
	
	
HW7

Step 1: Setup Heroku Hosting
https://boiling-harbor-24320.herokuapp.com/
 
Step 2: Node.JS Backend
Henry - Created backend for landing.html and login.html, 
Backend does all interactions with firebase which are 
	1) Checking if user trying to login exists
	2) loginning in a user when he correctly enters credentials
	3) Allowing user to signup
	4) Loggining in a user who signs up
	5) Allowing user to select subreddits that they search to follow and remove (plus and remove icons next to searched results)
		To do this, in the search input on landing, enter terms and click search, the results will have a + or X when you want to 
		add a subreddit to your profile. This update will persist to firebase on the backend.
 
In order to protect the security of your web app’s data, you will rearchitect your web app so that (1) all write interactions with Firebase from require authentication (using a special service key, as described in the ImmutableTodo example - https://github.com/gmu-swe432/lecture14demos/tree/master/immutabletodoserver ), (2) only the backend is authenticated to write to Firebase. In order to persist data to Firebase, you should pass data first to your Node.JS backend. Your Node.JS backend should support a RESTful interface for your web apps data, describing at least 3 resources using unique URIs and using the appropriate HTTP actions for interacting with these resources. Additionally, you should ensure that all of the static files in your web app (e.g., HTML, CSS, and client side JS) are served to the client through your Node.JS backend.
 
Step 3: File Upload
Ashmmita - Programmed an image upload option where the user can upload a profile image when he signs up
Henry - Integreated this feature with the rest of the code so that when signup button is clicked, all user data get stored in firebase 
	image is displayed in the homepage (formatting needed)
 
Submission Instructions




HW8:

Part 2
 3 Scenarios that work fully:
    The user can login through a custom login menu and signup on that page as well
    The user can search terms that they want subreddit suggestions from
    The user can follow or unfollow certain subreddits that the search produces, these will be tracekd in their firebase node
 
    The user can view catergories of subreddits by clicking on each section 
 Part 1
 +Contributions:
 +- Ashmita: Connected to Facebook using OAuth
 +- Henry: Integrated oauth to existing custom signup and login page so the user logs in first through custom and then connect their fb to that account (In the future we will only have fb login)   


WEBSTIE LINK

https://boiling-harbor-24320.herokuapp.com/




HW9 
Ashmita - Identify and document errors and potantial fixes
Henry - Implement fixes on the existing app and try to get facebook likes from the user

Website Link
https://boiling-harbor-24320.herokuapp.com/
